Good morning, family. Praise the Lord. I
believe this is day 10, if I'm not
mistaken.
We're in the double
digits. Maybe it's day 11;
I'll have to ask my son. It all goes
together for me, but I had
some things on my heart.
The Lord
wants me to bring it up again.
Jesus is the Healer.
I've been thinking about it
because of the meetings I've been
in the last three days. People
are
getting healed. I'm seeing people
walk away
believing
for their manifestation,
while
some get
theirs
instantaneously.
You see the bondage of
Satan's work falling off.
I know beyond a shadow of a doubt
we are about to see great
manifestations of the glory of God
beyond anybody's comprehension. We are
in the last seconds of the last days.
I'm going to
keep saying it: Jesus Christ is coming.
There's a work to be
done; the harvest is
plentiful, but the laborers are few.
I pray you are being a
light in the
darkness—at
your workplace, the
store,
or
school.
Be a light shining bright
for the world to see.
There was
a night I was praying and one of
my friends called. They were
overcoming severe arthritis.
He asked me, 'Brandon, why
aren't
all
Christians
healed?'I
told
him
I
don't have all the answers, but I'll
ask the Lord.
It bothered me because
some people I pray
for
get healed and some
don't.
You
can
get weary
in
well-doing.
I heard a message from
a preacher who said to always stay on God's
side, even if you don't understand
what you're walking through.
Never
get angry at God. Like Job,
who
stood his ground:
'Though He slay me, yet will I praise Him.'No
matter
the
circumstance,
God
is a
good God.
People
in the body of Christ,
even in the Word of Faith
movement,
often
don't answer the hard questions.
Brother Hagin always
did. That's why I go through
the old archives from Brother Hagin
and
feast as much as I can.
He was a diamond in the rough of all the
ministers I've listened to.
Brother Hagin changed my life;
he had a
teaching anointing.
I wish he
were
still here, but his season
was over.
I went to sleep that night and had
an experience with the Lord.
In this experience,
I was
at
Jesus'crucifixion.
He was a young man,
33 years old.
I
saw
him right before
he
was
scourged.
I
was
standing there with the Father
and
Jesus, watching Jesus in the past
being
whipped.
It felt like real time. I could smell the
livestock and
the animal
feces. The
sun was
shining and
it felt
about
85 degrees.
His skin was sweating and
dirty;
he was
olive-complected.
His
hands
were
strapped
by
metal bands to
a
whipping post. There
were
two soldiers. One
was a very large man,
bald,
and
massively
built.
The
other
was a Roman guard with a breastplate
and a kilt-looking
outfit.
They
were cracking those whips to
intimidate him.
I saw
them
whip
him,
and blood
splattered everywhere. Chunks
of flesh
were pulled
from
his body.
I screamed,
'Stop
it!'I
saw
them ripping his beard out.
They tortured him
as they tore him to pieces.
When they were done, he
dangled there as a bloody mess. His
rib
bones
were
showing
because they whipped
him so much.
The Lord spoke to me
and
said,
'Brandon, by my stripes
you are healed. The
same faith it took to ask for
forgiveness of sins is the same
faith
for
healing.'He
said
you
would never question your
salvation;
you're fully persuaded.
But people question
the
stripes more
than the sin issue.
He said, 'I took
your sickness, disease,
sin, and poverty.'Faith
and healing are
not feelings, just as salvation isn't. If I
confess my sins, He is faithful to
forgive. Likewise, by His stripes, you are healed.
His words are life and health to
all their
flesh.
The
Lord
told me,
'When
you
believe
for your
healing
as
much
your
salvation,
the manifestation
comes.'Don't
doubt
in
your
heart.
Life
and
death
are
in
the
power
of
the
tongue.
I'm not moved by a symptom;
I am
moved by
the Word.
You don't have to earn your healing; it's a finished
work.
It's by
grace you are saved through faith.
Not one of us should be suffering with
sickness.
Freely He gave,
and freely we receive.
He made us
joint-heirs,
seated with Him in the heavenlies.
I
love
the
book
of
Ephesians.
My
favorite passage that Brother
Hagin
always talks about is when
Jesus turned to the woman with the issue of
blood.
Her
faith made
her
whole.
If her faith can make her whole,
your faith
can make you whole.
Today is your day for healing.
I
believe
for
your deliverance today.
Believe for now; faith is
the
substance of things hoped for.
Father, I thank You
that by Your stripes they are healed.
We thank You
for creative miracles.
I
believe for
glaucoma
to
be healed
and coronary
arteries to
be
unclogged. No
Alzheimer's, no
dementia. I
saw
silos
full of body parts in heaven waiting
for
manifestations. I
believe for arms and legs to grow back.
Father,
we pray over this
nation
and this
election.
We call forth a
Godly nation.
We
call for
a fair election
and
pray
for
divine protection over Donald
Trump—over
his
food
and
drink.
No weapon formed against him
shall
prosper.
We
stand
in
the
gap
for
America
and
Israel.
Lord,
expose
the
darkness
in
leadership.
Expose
financial corruption
in
the
church
like
Ananias
and
Sapphira.
Raise up godly leaders
who preach
the
hard truths
and not
a
lukewarm gospel.
Wake
up
the
sleepers.
Raise
up
the new Davids,
Joshuas,
and
Calebs.
Our nation is
turning around.
We will have a godly president
and
godly laws.
We
stop
the drug and sex
trafficking
at
the
border.
We
stop
the
fentanyl, no
fentanyl coming to poison our youth.
We plead
the blood over the school systems.
Stop
the
immoral
teaching
and
the
LGBTQ
trash.
Raise up godly mayors
and
school
boards.
Raise up
millionaires to fund the gospel.
Give
them creative ideas to get wealth.
We seek Your face
first.
I
believe
there
are
healings
today.
If you're new here,
welcome.
Please like the video
to help
the algorithm.
I'm here to
edify you
and
point you to Jesus.
We're
all a work in progress.
I'm just
Brandon; I'm
not
a celebrity.
Subscribe
and
click
the
notification
bell.
Jesus
loves
you.
God bless you
all and have a
wonderful day.